Document using `wire:model` in view fields (#3792)
filamentphp/filament: packages/forms/docs/03-fields.md

> The `$getStatePath()` closure may be used by the view to retrieve the Livewire property path of the field. You could use this to [`wire:model`](https://laravel-livewire.com/docs/properties#data-binding) a value, or [`$wire.entangle`](https://laravel-livewire.com/docs/alpine-js) it with Alpine.js:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `$getStatePath()` closure may be used by the view to retrieve the Livewire property path of the field. You could use this to [`wire:model`](https://laravel-livewire.com/docs/properties#data-binding) a value, or [`$wire.entangle`](https://laravel-livewire.com/docs/alpine-js) it with Alpine.js.
```

</x-forms::field-wrapper>
```

> You can also bind with [`wire:model`](https://laravel-livewire.com/docs/properties#data-binding) :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may bind the value to a Livewire property using [`wire:model`](https://laravel-livewire.com/docs/properties#data-binding):
```
